no wait
ah welcome to the mindscape kid without
a vessel to possess you're basically a
ghost
Oh heard zipper there you are what
happened soos Wendy help me help me her
to the theater
need a ride dipper Oh anything for you
red I'm gonna stop you bill I'm gonna
find that journal before you do and I'm
gonna stop you but how can you stop me
if you don't exist
we'll bill gotta get my body back before
he does something crazy with it
nothing like the theater hot Tut's hey
soos want to hear the exact time and
date of your death okay are you kidding
me I would never miss whatever this is
by-the-bye Mabel where'd you put my
journal again I used it as a prop for
the big wedding scene I still need a
Reverend though hey what if I play the
Reverend I mean someone's got to hold
that journal right let's go
the show is about to begin please turn
off your cell phones unless you're
texting me cutie
girl
it's true I'm great but the perfect girl
hey what's up I'm gay
so hey Brendo where's that book prop I'm
using for the wedding scene it's up in
the wedding cake but that doesn't come
down till knock three so hold your
horses
oh I'll hold my horses I'll hold them
you monster
hey listen have you seen Mabel huh what
did Bill say I can't be heard without a
vessel where would I find it
finally we're together
I'm sorry Mabel but I have to go fight
in the war
our information has begun new about